updated the comment regarding mandatory service pulse usage (#6922)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/usage/index.md

To learn more about this method, read the [ServicePulse Usage documentation](/servicepulse/usage.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > While customers are not currently required to use ServicePulse, starting 1 January 2026, it will become mandatory for all projects in active development. If you are unable to run ServicePulse on your project, please reach out so we can explore a tailored solution that meets your production requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> While customers are not currently required to use ServicePulse, starting 1 January 2026, it will become mandatory for all projects in active development. If you have any issues installing ServicePulse in your environment, please reach out so we can help find a path forward.
```

I don't think we want to unnecessarily accept, up-front, a customer statement that they are "unable to run ServicePulse".

Author: good idea. i do prefer this.
